feat(IMS): add ims image share resource (#2885)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/images_image_share.md

---
subcategory: "Image Management Service (IMS)"
---

# huaweicloud_images_image_share

Manages an IMS image share resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "source_image_id" {}
variable "target_project_ids" {}

resource "resource_huaweicloud_images_image_share" "test" {
  source_image_id    = var.source_image_id
  target_project_ids = var.target_project_ids
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `source_image_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the source image.

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

> * `target_project_ids` - (Required, List, ForceNew) Specifies the IDs of the target projects.

Reviewer: the field can be updated in schema

Author: done

> * `target_project_ids` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID set of the target project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `target_project_ids` - (Required, List, ForceNew) Specifies the IDs of the target projects.
```

Author: done

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

> * `id` - The resource ID.

Reviewer: missing **Timeouts**  section

Author: done
